Feedback for Submission
Overview
The submission involves a SQL implementation that addresses a complex task of maintaining historical data through a type 2 Slowly Changing Dimension (SCD). The tasks involve creating a schema, inserting data, and managing historical changes using SQL queries.

Strengths
Type Definition: You have correctly defined custom types (films and quality_class) to structure the data, which is a great way to handle complex data types in SQL.

Table Design: The design of the actors table and the historical SCD table is thoughtful. You have included fields like actor_name, actor_id, quality_class, is_active, and current_year that are necessary for tracking changes over time.

Use of CTEs: Employing Common Table Expressions (CTEs) to handle intermediate results (with_previous, with_indicator, with_streak) makes the query more readable and modular. This is an excellent practice for complex query management.

Handling Historical Changes: Your approach to identify changes using lag functions and then processing changes through sequences like with_indicator and with_streak is effective for SCD management.

Incremental Backfill Strategy: You attempt to consider an incremental approach to replicate changes in existing data, which is crucial for maintaining historical integrity.

Areas for Improvement
Error Handling in Queries: There is a missing semicolon in some queries, specifically after table drop statements like drop table actors;. This could lead to execution errors. Ensure all SQL statements are syntactically verified.

Unused CTEs: There is some repetition and unused CTE logic, especially around backfilling and changed records. It might help to consolidate similar logic to avoid redundancy, making the code cleaner.

Code Clarity and Comments: While comments are present, more detailed explanations or a brief introductory comment outlining the aim of each SQL file could enhance understanding for someone unfamiliar with the codebase.

Final Select Statement: It’s prudent to scrutinize final queries for correctness, such as ensuring the outputs from actors_history_scd reflect correct start and end dates.

Optimization: Potential for optimization remains in query performance, especially in large datasets - consider indexing strategies to improve join and lookup efficiency.

Safety with Drop Statements: Ensure that drop table commands are used safely, possibly checking for existence to avoid accidental data loss.

Consistency in Logic: Ensure logic consistency, particularly in the way historical records are identified and handled between linked tasks (inserting and backfilling).

Grading
Here is your final grade in JSON format:

FINAL GRADE:
{
  "letter_grade": "B",
  "passes": true
}
Overall, the submission demonstrates a solid understanding of SCD type 2 mechanics and SQL capabilities, with room for polishing logic, readability, and error handling.